concepts: parsers: update page for style (#1488)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: concepts/data-pipeline/parser.md

    E --> H[Output 3]
    style B stroke:darkred,stroke-width:2px;
```

The parser converts unstructured data to structured data. As an example, consider the
following Apache (HTTP Server) log entry:

```text
192.168.2.20 - - [28/Jul/2006:10:27:10 -0300] "GET /cgi-bin/try/ HTTP/1.0" 200 3395
```

> This log line is a raw string without format. Giving it a structure makes it easier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This log line is a raw string without format. Structuring the log makes it easier
```
